hello I'm David and welcome to 101
cooking easy and I'm here with another
quick and easy one pot pasta spaghetti
and meatballs it only takes about 45
minutes and it'll serve four to five so
let's get started okay I'm going to
start with about a pound and a half of
sweet Italian sausage and I'll add 1/2
teaspoon of onion powder 1/2 teaspoon of
garlic powder one teaspoon of Italian
seasoning 1/2 teaspoon of salt and 1/4
teaspoon of ground black pepper and with
clean hands I'll mix well and you can
make spaghetti and meatballs many
different ways you can use ground beef a
mix of ground beef and veal turkey
chicken Italian sausage sweeter hot I'm
using the sweet and you can cocoa many
different ways you can bake them in the
oven you can fry them cook them in the
sauce and I know a lot of people will
boil them just to discard the fat and
then cook them in the sauce and I'm
going to do something like that but not
quite because that's where all the
flavor it is I'm gonna set my stove on
medium and I'm gonna add about 2 and a
half to 2 and 3/4 cups of beef broth or
you can use vegetable now I'll just go
ahead and make the meatballs while
everything is heating up and this will
make about 18 to 20 meatballs about the
size of a golf-ball
doing it like this really does have its
advantages and I don't mean just doing
everything in one pot I have a small
wood stove about a 35 BTU and doing it
like this makes it so much easier just
to do all my wood stove and I can cook
anything from a low to medium
temperature on that wood stove it just
takes a little while it's like a slow
cooker and this really speeds it up and
I can bring two to three cups of broth
to boil on that wood stove and hardly
any time but 2 or 3 quarts and to have
to boil that for spaghetti and that
would take me all day okay I finished up
my meatballs I'm going to give that a
quick
cover and let that come to a boil I'm
still on medium and once that comes to a
boil I'm going to reduce the heat to
medium-low cover and let those simmer
for about 20 minutes
stirring every few okay it's been about
20 minutes I'm going to set these aside
for a few minutes okay I'm going to
crank the heat back up to medium and add
the spaghetti and actually you can use
any long cut pasta here vermicelli angel
here pound for pound it's all about the
same as long as you can get it to lay
flat and about two cups of broth that's
great
this pot is slightly under but it still
works out just fine
and don't forget about half a cup will
simmer off when you do the meatballs and
draggin a fork back and forth across the
top helps keep it loose and I'll only do
this for about a minute just to make
sure it's good and loose then I'll just
cover and let that finish coming to a
boil and once it comes to a boil I'll
give it one more quick stir with a fork
reduce the heat to medium-low and by the
way this pasta will need about 6 minutes
to reach all dente I'll reduce the heat
to medium-low cover and check it again
in three minutes
okay it's been about three minutes and
it's looking pretty good and it'll need
another three minutes I'm gonna cut the
heat back to low cover and I'll check it
a few times between 9 I want it to
finish absorbing the broth but I don't
want to burn it or dry out okay it's
been about three minutes and it's cooked
a total of about six and it looks fine
it's absorbed all the broth and I didn't
need to add any water time to add the
sauce and I'm going to add about 24
ounces of tomato sauce then I'll add
about two pinches of Italian seasoning
and my pinches are about the size of
half a teaspoon and two pinches of dried
oregano another 1/2 teaspoon each of
onion powder garlic powder salt and
about another quarter teaspoon of ground
black pepper
then I'll give all that a good stir add
back the meatballs and stir them in
cover turn the heat back up to about
medium and give that about five to ten
minutes to reheat and there you go here
are one pot pasta spaghetti and
meatballs plain simple quick and easy
this has always been one of my favorites
and now even more so it really hasn't
been quite cold enough to light the wood
stove yet but it's getting there and
I'll be uploading again soon until then
enjoy
you